{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-BoldMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 gotham,helvetica,arial,sans-serif;}{\f3\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica Neue,Arial,sans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green79\blue159;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx0\tqr\tx2700\tx3110\tx3740\sb160\sl288\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs40\b0\i0\cf3 Trilby Tillman [The Truly Terrible Tip Tracer]}
\par\pard\plain \tqr\tx3124\tx3196\tx4075\li3197\fi-3197\sb160\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch \f1\fs26\b1\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Role in Story:}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs-2 \tab }
\par\plain {\f2\fs-2 \tab - Discovers God Kidnapped Isabel}
\par\plain \f2\fs-2
\par\plain {\f2\fs-2 After being demoted due to his ineptitude he gets put on missing persons. He then proceeds to look at a picture of a missing girl, he is suspicious and swears he recognises her. Later he realises that her name is the exact same as Isabel's other than one letter.}
\par\pard\plain \tqr\tx3124\tx3196\tx4075\li3197\fi-3197\sb160\sl288\slmult1\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 \tab Occupation:}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab }{\f3\fs26\b0\i0 Detective}
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~    \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\b1\i0 \tab Physical Description:}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Personality:}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Habits/Mannerisms:}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~     \tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Background:}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Internal Conflicts:}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 External Conflicts:}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 \~     \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab }{\f1\fs26\b1\i0 Notes:}{\f0\fs26\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs26\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f2\fs-2 There was a gunshot wound in his neck, his face was unrecognisable, or in fact quite the opposite. That was how his face had begun. At this point though Trilby had no clue and was miserable at the prospect that this case would probably go unsolved too. How are you meant to solve the murder of someone who doesn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t exist. Well fortunately with ease.}{\f4\fs-2 \line }
\par\plain {\f2\fs-2 A series of totally random events lead Trilby right into the heart of a huge drug underworld, but more importantly a drug over world. The CIA had set up agreements with these drug kingpins and he had walked right in to it. But how was he supposed to proceed. He was useless in every way. This was well beyond his skill set. Trilby turned inward and searched for something to push him forward.}}