{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierPrime;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb480\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I/E. THE CLOUD - DAY}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Someone is seen praying, a stupid yet desperate prayer, the camera slowly pans to the sky revealing a satellite dish in  the clouds, which is attached to a contrived and ridiculous contraption. God sits beside it reading. There is a sequence of beeps after the man stops talking, a few prayers play in this format.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 RANDOM PERSON 1}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Err, so I don't normally do this, and well you're not real but if you are, well I did a bad thing, a real bad thing, but I swear the drugs weren't mine, I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92d never touch the stuff. Who am I kidding, you know. You know everything. What am I going to do, it\u8217\'92s all gone, you won't help me.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 RANDOM PERSON 2}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Those precious little kitten faces stared at me, I couldn't help it. The little beady eyes were full of evil. I've sinned, I have sinned...}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 RANDOM PERSON 3}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 (Wheezing)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Help, someone, something.}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 (Cough)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A cow, I'm under a cow. The tippers, they've killed me.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 RANDOM PERSON 4}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 A black demon passed me, a little scoundrel cat, but I let it pass. I let it go to wreak its curses. What have I done? Please have mercy.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 RANDOM PERSON 5}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Hey man, what the hell are you doing. Like what did I ever do to you. You're real shit. I thought you was meant to be all kinds of benevolent, but shit, you for real a Dick.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 SINNE-D}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 Your Automated Prayer Processing Inbox is now full, please delete some prayers.}
\par\pard\plain \li3600\ri-360\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 GOD}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\ri2160\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 (sigh)}
\par\pard\plain \li2160\ri1440\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 I guess it\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s time to do some work.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ri-720\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 God picks up the phone beside him and listens. His faces slowly deflates. The shot fades to him looking into a mirror, his expression unchanged. He sighs, and turns around.}
\par\pard\plain \li6480\ri-173\sb240\sl-240\slmult0\qr\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0\cf1 FADE TO BLACK.}}