{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There are thousands of simulated universes each maintained by individual workers. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The Purpose}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - They are used to power the civilisation by harnessing the suffering of the beings inside them. Workers are given suffering quotas to be met. Other than that they can use the universes as fantasy fulfilments. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - Each universe is running different parameters in order to understand and solve various problems.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 - These simulations are just extremely advanced video games, found in every household. It is the way most people spend their free time as it allows them to live their dreams and do anything whilst actually having a terrible life with an unsatisfying job.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 GOD [To be named] - Falls in love with a co-worker in the real world. There relationship flourishes. After a while they spend time together in the simulation, [he could visit her simulation]. However gradually she wants to live it behind, and remain in the real world. She can\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t live a lie, but GOD is torn as this world has become so real. He has family. He can\u8217\'92t just leave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab =======================================================================}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 God is unaware to the fact he is in fact just a simulated being given unending power.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}